README.md, before:

# Agentic-graph-tool

# Agentic-graph-tool

## How to Start

1. **Install dependencies**  
   Open a terminal in this folder and run:
   ```
   npm install
   ```

2. **Run langchain.js**  
   This script is the starting point. Run it with:
   ```
   node langchain.js
   ```

3. **Run langraph.js**  
   After running `langcahin.js`, you can run:
   ```
   node langraph.js
   ```

## What the Code Does

- **langcahin.js**  
  This file sets up the main logic for the tool. It likely loads some modules, initializes the workflow, and may call functions from the `tools/` or `Workflow/` folders.

- **langraph.js**  
  This script probably handles graph-related features, maybe visualizing or processing data from the workflow started in `langcahin.js`.

- **tools/tools.js**  
  Contains helper functions or utilities used by the main scripts.

- **Workflow/ai.js**  
  Handles workflow logic, possibly related to AI or automation steps.

You can look into each file for more details on what functions are being called and how the workflow

Commit message:

Update README.md to correct file names and enhance descriptions of project components

README.md, after:

# Agentic-graph-tool

# Agentic-graph-tool

## How to Start

1. **Install dependencies**  
   Open a terminal in this folder and run:
   ```
   npm install
   ```

2. **Run langchain.js**  
   This script is the starting point. Run it with:
   ```
   node langchain.js
   ```

3. **Run langraph.js**  
   After running `langcahin.js`, you can run:
   ```
   node langraph.js
   ```

## What the Code Does

- **langchain.js**  
  Entry point for the project. Sets up a simple agent using LangChain’s React agent and math tools (addition, subtraction, multiplication, division). Demonstrates invoking the agent with a sample math question.

- **langraph.js**  
  Handles graph-related features. Runs a workflow (imported from `Workflow/ai.js`), sends a user message, and logs the result. Useful for visualizing or processing data from the workflow.

- **tools/tools.js**  
  Contains helper functions and utilities, specifically math tools (add, subtract, multiply, divide) defined as LangChain tools with Zod schemas. These are used by the agent and workflow.

- **Workflow/ai.js**  
  Implements a LangChain StateGraph workflow for tool-augmented conversations. Uses the Ollama LLM and the math tools from `tools/tools.js`. Manages tool execution and conversation state.

- **Langraph_Demo/stateGraph.js**  
  Demonstrates a simple StateGraph workflow with an agent node and a tool node. Shows how to invoke the workflow with sequential messages and maintain context between runs.

- **Langraph_Demo/langraph.js**  
  Demonstrates a React agent with a search tool (Tavily) and a multiply tool. Shows how to persist agent state between runs and invoke the agent with different messages.

- **.env.example**  
  Example environment file showing where to put your Tavily API key.

- **.env**  
  Actual environment file containing your Tavily API key.

- **.gitignore**  
  Specifies files and folders to ignore in git, such as `node_modules` and `.env`.

- **package.json**  
  Project metadata and dependencies for npm.

- **README.md**  
  Project overview, setup instructions, and file descriptions.
